Issue Guidelines
----------------

1) Issues should only be created for things that are definitely bugs.
   If you are not sure that the behavior is a bug, ask about it on
   IRC or the sequel-talk Google Group.  GitHub Issues should not be
   used as a help forum.

2) If you are sure it is a bug, then post a complete description of
   the issue, the simplest possible self-contained example showing
   the problem, the full backtrace of any exception, and for issues
   involving database queries, an SQL log.

3) Issues are generally closed as soon as the problem is considered
   fixed.  However, discussion can still happen after the issue is
   closed, and the issue will be reopened if additional evidence is
   provided showing the issue still exists.

Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

1) Try to include tests for all new features and substantial bug
   fixes.  See the testing guide for details about testing Sequel.

2) Try to include documentation for all new features.  In most cases
   this should include RDoc method documentation, but updates to the
   guides is also appropriate in some cases.

3) Follow the style conventions of the surrounding code.  In most
   cases, this is standard ruby style.

4) Do not submit whitespace changes with code changes.  Sequel is not
   pedantic about trailing whitespace, so if you have an editor that
   automatically strips trailing whitespace, you may want to turn
   that feature off.
   
5) All code in pull requests is assumed to be MIT licensed.  Do not
   submit a pull request if that isn't the case.

6) Sequel supports ruby 1.8.7+.  Please don't submit pull requests
   that use ruby 1.9 hash syntax or other features not supported by
   ruby 1.8.7.  Please test on ruby 1.8.7 before submitting pull
   requests.

7) Please do not submit pull requests for code that is not ready to
   be merged.  Pull requests should not be used to "start a
   conversation" about a possible code change.  If the pull
   request requires a conversation, that conversation should take
   place on the sequel-talk Google Group or IRC.

8) Pull requests are generally closed as soon as it appears that the
   branch will not be merged.  However, discussion about the code can
   still happen after the pull request is closed, and the pull request
   can be reopened if additional commits to the branch or other
   changes make it likely that it will be merged.

Code of Conduct
---------------

This code of conduct applies to all of the project's "collaborative
space", which is defined as community communications channels,
including the Google Group, GitHub project, source code repository,
and IRC channel.

1) Participants must ensure that their language and actions are free
   of personal attacks and remarks disparaging to people or groups.

2) Behaviour which can be reasonably considered harassment will not
   be tolerated.

3) Discussion should be limited to the project and related
   technologies.

You can report a violation of this code of conduct to the project
maintainer, who will take appropriate action.
